- Previously on
"Vanderpump Rules"...
- You think
Lisa's seriously
gonna hire the girl
you're dating?
- Yeah, 100%.
- Nice to meet you.
I'm Brittany.
- Have you got a résumé?
- I do not have a résumé
with me, no.
- You are the most beautiful
girl I've ever laid eyes on.
We didn't have sex,
Kristen.
- You swear to God?
- I know that
100% on my life.
I'm 100% sure
I made out with her.
- Shay got drunk
out with his friends
and he hasn't
been home since.
- Shay's been like,
drinking a lot.
I'd like to talk to him
and see what's going on,
you know?
- The mixing of pills
with alcohol
is just a double depressant.
He was taking five a day
and I had
absolutely no idea.
- Five a day?
- I feel like
I've been cheated on.
- Is he the man that
you thought he was?
- ♪ You know ♪
♪ That it's our time ♪
♪ These are the best days ♪
♪ Of our lives ♪
♪ Just raise
your glasses high ♪
♪ This one's for you tonight ♪
- ♪ If it's the last time
then we are living it up ♪
♪ Oh, this is our time ♪
- I brought a bunch of like,
dresses and like,
solid color things.
I just want it to be, like,
mostly about the hair
and the accessory, you know?
Really simple hairstyles
that anyone can do, obviously,
but using stuff like bobby pins,
not just to pin your hair back
but like, creating like,
little designs
throughout your hair.
The head chains are kind of
a cool way to accessorize too.
I know like, a lot of people
wear them for like,
festivals and stuff,
but they're totally good
for a night out.
- Yeah.
- "Pucker & Pout" is a blog
that I started
about a year and a half ago,
that really focuses on beauty,
hair, tutorials, D.I.Y.
Do what I've been doing
every day,
but share it with the world.
- Any like, non-smiling,
looking away--
it's all about the hair
and less about
the expression on my face
would be great,
'cause I'm not, like,
in the chipperest mood today
to take photos, so...
Shay and I have never
gone more than
a few hours without
exchanging a text message
or FaceTime
or a phone call.
The fact that
it's now been several days
is just weighing
so heavy on my heart.
Should we have Gordo
model with us today?
- Hey, I don't wanna toot
my own horn, but, uh,
you guys know I did graduate
from the Tom Sandoval
School of Modeling,
so, like, if you need
a few pointers,
I could lend my expertise.
- How was work last night?
- I left early.
- Oh.
- A fun little sit-down
with Lisa.
I'm telling her
all the amazing things
going on in my life right now.
- What did you say?
- He had had
a pill problem last year,
and I thought
right when we got
that under control
then his drinking gets worse.
- I just found out
about all this sh**.
So this is all new to me.
You sort of have
this, like, idea,
this stereotype
of what an addict
should look like, you know?
And then you see
someone like Shay,
who is happy-go-lucky,
he's loveable,
and, you know,
it's just shocking.
Yeah.
I feel like I should
reach out to him.
- I really don't wanna cry off
all this makeup I just put on.
- Breathe, breathe, breathe.
You look really good,
and I need to take pictures
of your gorgeous face.
- Lisa told me
to breathe through my nose.
- Yes, just breathe and
it's like, one day at a time.
Honestly.
Scheana, this is Jennifer.
- How are you?
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi.
- You look like a goddess
right now.
- Thanks.
I wish I felt like one.
I really wanna be here
for Katie.
I wanna make, you know,
these pictures look amazing.
- So "Game of Thrones"
inspired. I love it.
- But all I can
think about right now
is my marriage is falling apart.
How can I smile?
- I think it's good.
- Wanna wrap?
- Mm-hmm.
- Sorry I'm not in my normal
perky, peppy mood.
- Hey.
- What's up?
- What's going on, kiddo?
- Working.
- How you liking
this place so far?
- It's a tough crowd over here.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Lala, she's young,
she's blonde, she's pretty.
She's hard not to look at,
really.
Any, uh, males
in the, uh, equation?
- Like?
- Are you dating?
- No.
- No?
- Uh-uh.
- I got--I got Brittany,
you know?
But we're not married yet,
I still got a little bit
of feelers out there.
I gotta see what's biting.
And you're Mormon, right?
Is that--
someone tell me that?
Or you come from an area
of lots of Mormons?
- No.
Yeah, well, I'm from Utah.
- I heard this little rumor
about Mormons, not to--
if this is inappropriate
I'm sorry,
but a lot of girls,
they--they don't have sex
before marriage.
- Right.
- Or they try to save themselves
so they're really into...anal.
Is that true?
- Yeah.
- Are you serious?
- Anal and they give
killer blowjobs.
- Mormons are champs, man.
That's why I'm not a Mormon.
I do not want to have anal
or give multiple BJs a day.
It's a lot of work!
- I need to move
to f***ing Utah.
- No, don't be doing that.
- I'm just kidding.
I'm sorry.
- I'll be your Utah chick.
- Well, that's interesting.
Do you know the things
that I get into?
- Okay, what are you doing?
What are you actually
doing here?
- I'm--I'm making sure
she's doing all right.
She's just started.
- Are you working tonight?
- I'm working right now
and tonight, yes.
- So get back behind the bar.
- I'll talk to you later.
- And ignore 90% of
what he says.
Actually, no, I'm wrong.
95%.
What are you doing?
What are you doing
flirting with Lala?
- Every girl needs a little Jax
in her life.
- I'm sure there's
a little Jax to give her.
- Out of all the girls
in Hollywood,
he has to choose my new hostess.
Don't poo in your own backyard.
You're here to work.
Do that on your own time.
Aren't you in love
with Ms. Lingerie?
- Brittany.
- Do you think Lisa
will like me?
- Yeah, I really do.
I really think she liked you.
She was really impressed.
- Okay, good.
- Yeah, she's coming in town.
And I really--
- She's coming back?
- Yeah, she's coming back
tomorrow.
That being said,
she really needs a job.
She's a really hard worker,
she's a great bartender,
she's a good girl.
- We've been through this.
She hasn't even been through
your 90-day trial period.
How do I know she's gonna
last with you?
Let's be honest, right?
This girl is gonna give up
her life and move to LA.
And it's all going to depend
on Mr. Jax Taylor.
You know, he's had
three noses in one year.
Jax doesn't understand
the word commitment.
- She just needs something,
and I'm just trying to help her
to get something.
It's hard--it's hard
to get a job here.
- I actually do really like her.
- Right.
- I think she's a nice girl.
So, let's see.
- Okay.
Now can you get me a drink?
- Yeah.
What do you want to drink?
- A good bartender
would remember.
- Uh-oh.
- What's up, guys?
- Trouble.
- As much as I hate him
and I wanted to kill him,
bringing James out actually
isn't really all that bad,
because he's always
gonna do something crazy.
Are we gonna be good tonight?
- No.
- No, all right.
- f*** that, mate.
- I didn't think so.
- Don't be boring.
Turning it up, mate.
- He is me at that age,
you know?
I was very free,
sleeping with everybody,
drinking all the time...
Uh, that's me recently.
- Hey, man.
- What's up?
- What can I get for you?
You need a drink?
- Yeah, we're gonna do
tequila shots.
He's gonna get his beer.
- That's how we do in Florida.
- Let me ask--
can I ask you one thing?
What does Kristen think about
you being here right now?
She's okay, no worries,
everything's good?
Yeah.
- Why wouldn't she be?
- Your voice went way up!
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Whoo-hoo!
- All right, all right,
let's be honest.
- Yeah, I mean, maybe she feels
a little bit uncomfortable.
- You guys have broken up
and gotten back together a lot.
- Oh, yeah, like 20 times
this month, I think.
- Oh, my God!
20 times is--
- That's a lot.
- I know!
Things have just come to a point
where Kristen and I are honestly
just bringing out the worst
in each other.
We just fight and fight
and fight
and fight and fight
until we find something new
to fight about.
We're actually gonna start
therapy tomorrow.
- It's kind of
a young relationship
to be going
to therapy, right?
- It's really just to better
our communication.
- Like a referee?
I was with Kristen for years.
I'm very well aware
how crazy and delusional she is.
That therapist is gonna need
a therapist when they're done.
By the way,
me and you
are gonna head over
to Lisa's house
to talk about doing some work
for her sangria line.
Obviously, you know,
her sangria's doing well.
And I would like to just
go out there and like,
place it with different bars,
different restaurants, whatever.
- Dude, that's f***ing awesome.
- Yeah, dude.
Oh, yeah.
- Cool, cool.
- As much as I love
doing print jobs,
I feel like I'm starting
to grow out of it
just a little bit,
and you know, that means
I'm at a point where we realize
even Peter Pan grows up.
So, let's start looking at
some other career possibilities.
Obviously I know a lot
about the bar business
being in it
for so many years.
- Yeah.
- I've never really had
an actual sales job,
but I f***ing sell every single
one of those cocktails at Sur.
And I sell them well.
- Whoo! Four shots.
- I'm sorry,
I'm getting drunk a little bit.
- Me too.
I'm f***ing drunk.
Cheers, mate.
- Uh-oh.
- What do you guys
think of Lala?
- Lala's like that
pretty hot girl
that wants to be a slut,
but won't admit she's a slut,
but really she's a huge slut.
- James is obviously sh**faced.
- I'm--I'm a little
tipsy, guys.
- 'Cause his face turns red.
His arms are flailing around.
He also dominates
every conversation.
- I was at Sur the other day
and I was like--
Tom, listen to this.
- And your personal space
drops down to about zero.
You know what I mean, brah?
- Cheers!
Yeah, mate.
- Whoo!
- Coming up...
- It's like,
zero to f***ing 4,000.
I feel like
it's an excuse
for acting like
a f***ing ass****.
♪ After the rain ♪
♪ Come on in ♪
♪ Out of the pain ♪
♪ I'll be your shelter ♪
♪ Be your shelter ♪
- James?
You gonna wake up?
- Oh, God.
What are you doing?
- Well, I'm making breakfast.
- I don't want breakfast,
Kristen.
- You don't want breakfast?
That's fine.
So you wanna tell me
kind of, I don't know,
what the f***
happened last night?
Why did you get so hammered?
- I don't know, Kristen,
'cause the shots kept coming.
- And now how do you feel
about that?
- To be honest,
I don't know, Kristen.
I've got a little bit
of a hangover.
What are you doing today,
Kristen?
- What am I doing today?
- Yeah.
- Um, we have
couple's therapy.
- This is Kristen's
little way of saying,
"Hey, James, don't go
having any fun today
'cause there's a big sh** storm
coming your way."
I've honestly been awake
for 38 seconds,
and this is already
the worst day of my life.
Hello.
- Hi, James.
- Nice to meet you.
Good to meet you.
- I've been going to therapy
on my own for about nine months,
and it has done volumes for me.
- Deep breath.
Here we are.
- I'm pretty upset with him
right now.
- What are you upset about,
Kristen?
- I'm really uncomfortable
because you're still tipsy.
- Get over it, Kristen.
I went out with the boys
and I got f***ing drunk.
Okay, get over it.
What's the issue?
It's not like
I'm a f***ing loser...
- What is the issue?
- That's sitting in a den
getting drunk every night
and f***ing up.
You drink
a bottle of wine
a day, okay?
- Certainly.
- Yeah, great.
- But every time
he gets hammered,
it's like,
zero to f***ing 4,000.
I feel like it's an excuse,
um, for acting like
a f***ing ass****.
Like, if I did half the sh**
that you do to me,
you would, like--
your head would explode.
You f***ing cheat on me
with your sorry dick.
Jenna and I have been friends
for a really long time.
Were friends, let's say.
- Kristen, everybody gets
a knife and we just carve.
- You really wanna
give me a knife?
And when I started
dating James,
apparently Jenna
had a thing for him,
and James cheated on me
with her.
- It sounds like there's
some unhealthy things happening.
And for me, it's like,
how do we stop the retaliating
on both of your sides?
I mean, it's gonna destroy
the relationship,
and if you don't
want to do that,
you guys have to stop.
- I guess.
I just feel like
she's hurt me so much
that I wanna hurt her back
when we're fighting, you know?
I feel like, uh,
there's a lot of things
that I haven't
quite gotten over.
- Like?
- So, just, like,
people she's had sex with.
- Be specific.
Be specific. Who?
- Jax, Tom, uh...
- Tom and Jax both
affect you a lot.
- It's just--I don't know.
It's just uncomfortable.
It's just like--you know?
It makes me feel
uncomfortable.
- I literally put effort
into telling you
how proud I am of you,
how talented you are,
how gorgeous you are,
how smart you are.
- She seems to think--she's,
like, parenting me sometimes
and, like, has to be, like,
worried about me
and take care of me.
All that crap.
I don't feel like
that's necessary.
- But my biggest issue
is, like,
the lack of responsibility
for anything
that he does.
- Where do you pull this sh**
out of your ass?
I'm sorry.
- All right.
- You're delusional,
that's why.
- That's--again,
it's name-calling.
we don't need to--there's a way
to say, like, I feel like--
- I feel like
you're delusional.
- Or "I feel like you
mischaracterize me."
- Yeah, you completely
mischaracterize me, completely.
That's f***ed up
in the head, Kristen.
It's f***ed up.
It's like, you f***ing bitch,
like, why would you do that?
- But that language
is not respectful, you know?
- Well, she's not respectful.
- But that language
isn't respectful.
The question is, are you guys
willing to work this stuff out?
Or do you just
want to keep
hurting each other
and being angry?
- I'm trying so--
- I want to work it out.
- I feel like
I'm trying so hard.
- Then we need to figure out,
like, how you guys can actually
repair the things
that happened--
- I guess what I'm questioning,
and I hate saying this,
but I'm questioning
if that's even possible.
What we're doing right now
isn't working.
The growth that
I want to see in James
is not coming fast enough.
- This is obviously
not helping at all.
God.
- Hey!
- How are you?
You guys look amazing.
Trying to upstage us
or what's up?
- Always, I'm always
trying to upstage you.
- Good evening, everyone.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- My name's Gary.
I'll be taking care of you.
- Hey, Gary, how are you?
- Start you off
with a little beverage?
- What you want, bubbe?
- I'm gonna have a bramble.
- I'm gonna do
what you're doing.
- Excellent choice, beautiful.
It'll be right up.
- Everybody--we got appies?
We're good on appies?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, appies, drinks.
- Now that I heard that
you guys are, like, officially
boyfriend/girlfriend,
congratulations,
by the way.
- Oh!
- I've been dating Sarah
since Scheana's birthday party.
- This is Sarah.
- Hi, Sarah. Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
- It's actually a relief to me
after all these years to
actually bring a girl around
because for the longest time,
I was always flying solo.
Jax, for instance, he has
a different girl every week,
but I'm not gonna
bring around a girl
unless I know it's gonna be
a little serious.
- Peter and I
have something
to tell you guys.
- Oh.
- Oh, my God,
you guys are
getting married!
- Not yet, not yet.
I think I'm gonna be getting
some training soon.
As far as that
department goes.
- What do you mean?
- I have a four-year-old.
- Aww.
- We've never met
a real grown-up with
responsibilities.
- Listen, I love kids.
I love 'em.
I wanna have one.
But you know,
in like, the distant,
distant, far-off future.
What's that?
I can barely make it out.
I think it's a kid but
it's like, so far away
I can't really tell.
It could be a dog.
- What do you guys
think about, like,
marriage and kids and...?
- I've always
thought of marriage
as something that was
really far off and now
because of Ariana, like, I--
dude, if you--I can see--
I would marry you.
- That's a good thing.
- Just saying.
- Babe, that's really nice.
- You should be with
someone who's worth it.
- Oh, no.
- I've never wanted to
be married or have kids.
At five years old,
I just knew it wasn't for me.
- Ariana's squirming.
- I'm committed to Tom,
but I don't see marriage
as, like, a goal.
- Ariana doesn't want that.
- She's worse than me.
- There's this very subtle
battle of wills
that me and Ariana have.
Will we get married?
Will we not?
Like, I just have to be
so awesome
that she can't help
but want to marry me.
- That was great.
Now it's your turn.
- Schwartz, he's got this one.
- Both of you.
- What do you want me to say?
- Deadlines.
- I love deadlines.
I love ultimatums.
I like pressure.
All that sh**.
I love her so much.
She's so amazing.
- I love Schwartz,
and he's so cute.
I'm like, but he's f***ing
probably one of
the most annoying people
I've known in my life.
I can't stand him
90% of the time.
- That's not a fair assessment.
- You know who was missing
last night from guy's night?
- Who?
- Michael Shay.
- f*** Shay, man.
- Why "f*** Shay," dude?
- They're having
some issues.
You know, some--some big sh**.
Shay's staying
at his parents' house.
They're not actually
really talking right now.
He's been drinking
a lot lately,
and taking pills.
- You can--it's clear
right now that--
you can tell they're
not communicating.
Like, the most
important thing to do
when you are in a fight
with your significant other
is to talk to your
significant other about it.
Scheana can be bossy,
and she can be domineering.
And sometimes Shay feels
like he gets stepped on.
- It's so crazy,
'cause the last time
I like, really like,
had a conversation with them,
Scheana was like,
trying to figure out like,
what names sound
cute with Shay.
- I feel like they never fought
up until now.
- Both of them
are really good
at the happy face.
I think it's hard
for both of them
to--to come to a friend
and say like, things aren't
necessarily awesome.
Sometimes Scheana can make
a big deal
out of little problems,
but you very rarely hear
about big problems from her.
And I feel like,
maybe this problem has become
so big that she's being
forced to talk about it.
- And when you're depressed
and you drink,
you get more depressed
and more--like, you--
it's really hard
to dig yourself out of that.
- And I understand, dude.
He hasn't had steady money
coming in, like--
and I know that feeling.
I've been there.
Shay is really having sort of
man problems right now.
I mean, he--
because he feels like
he's not providing enough
monetarily,
he doesn't feel as important.
I've definitely
gone through that before.
Scheana has a little bit
of that anger right now,
from what I got from her
towards Shay.
It's just not fair.
And so, she needs somebody
to sort of
step in and like,
come from the other side.
They're having issues,
we're all friends,
we've all been there
for each other.
Scheana's been there for me,
in so many ways,
and, like, they need our help.
- Yeah.
- Coming up...
- There's a swan right there.
- Yeah, literally it just
pissed out its ass.
- I do that
when I'm around Lisa too.
- I know you do.
♪ You make me lose my mind ♪
♪ I like the way you put
your hand in mine ♪
- The salmon.
- The salmon?
Okay, perfect.
All right.
♪ I like the little things
you say and do ♪
- There you go, man.
- I know, I don't have
anything for tonight.
I'm completely booked up.
Yeah, I could see
if we have something--
No, and I completely understand
but tonight is--
will absolutely not work at all.
All right,
have a great one.
Bye-bye.
Hi, Mister.
- Hi, darling.
- You're DJing tonight?
- Yeah, Lisa--
I was bussing,
but Lisa called me up--
she called me up, she said,
"Oh, yeah, if you wanna do
a little DJing tonight,
you can, uh--you can
go ahead and do that."
I was like,
"Uh, yeah, lovely."
- You're much sexier as a DJ
than a busser.
- Oh, you like that, darling?
- Yeah.
I'll play some good stuff
for you later.
- I know.
I love everything you play.
So, I think we'll be good.
- Don't you sing a little bit?
I mean, for such
a gorgeous girl,
I'm sure you've got, you know,
the voice of an angel.
- I sing a little bit, yeah.
- A little bit?
I bet I could make you
sound f***ing gorgeous.
Would you have fun
doing that, darling?
- Yeah, I would love it.
- Cool.
As much as I want it
to work out with Kristen and I,
I have to say, I've got
a bit of a wandering eye.
I'ma have a little bit of fun
with this one.
I don't need to spell it out
for you, do I?
You're so pretty.
- Thank you.
You're making me blush.
- Am I?
- You're making me hot--yeah.
- Dude, how you feeling?
You feeling good about this?
- Me too.
- I was thinking of like,
upscale casual.
Like we're going on, like,
a Lexus audition, you know?
Young, professional.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Aspirational.
- Yeah, yeah, like a button--
yeah, okay, cool, a button-up.
One thing I know
from auditioning
is if you wanna get the part,
you gotta dress
and look the part.
All right, dude,
come pick me up.
I'll be looking sharp.
Me and Tom are both excited
about the prospect
with Lisa and the sangria.
So, I'm just, uh,
trying to dress like a guy
that Lisa Vanderpump
would be in business with.
You got this.
♪ Head over my heart ♪
♪ Heart over my head ♪
♪ I'm giving in,
you're giving up ♪
♪ You got me
wrapped around again ♪
- Dude, I swear,
this place gets bigger
every time I come here.
- There's a swan right there.
- Yeah, it literally just
pissed out its ass.
- I do that
when I'm around Lisa too.
- I know you do.
You better hold it
together today.
- I know,
I gotta, I gotta.
Let's be real.
Any time you're
propositioning Lisa,
there's always gonna be
a little bit of nerves there.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- Here to see Lisa.
- Okay, we come in?
- Yeah, of course.
- Should we take our shoes off?
- No, no.
- No, no, it's okay.
- But I'm more worried about
Schwartz than I am myself.
So I'm gonna try to
take the lead on this one.
Villa Rosa.
- I know, I want a house
that's named.
I want the moat
with the swans in there
and seven dogs running around,
and when you walk into my house,
you're just sort of
afraid to touch anything
'cause it feels like a museum.
I want that.
I feel like a--a peasant
who's been invited
into the castle.
- But I think this is
gonna go well, man.
We both have our strengths.
- Well, yeah.
- Hello, you guys.
- Oh, hi.
- Hey, Lisa.
- How long you been
standing there?
Yeah.
- There comes a time
when some of my employees,
they want to spread
their wings.
I'm not sure
if they quite understand
what they're
getting into exactly.
But I'll see.
I have an open mind.
- Before we get
into business, though,
I didn't want to,
uh, tell you
Scheana told us about Shay.
We know pretty much
everything that you know.
- You do?
- Yeah.
I know things
have been
sort of building up
with him too,
because, you know,
Scheana right now
is kind of like,
paying for everything.
And he feels
a bit like--
- Emasculated.
- Exactly.
And I feel like Shay
just needs a jump start.
I wanna ask you
if there's any possibility...
- What's coming?
- We could give Shay
a job at Pump.
- A job?
- At Pump, away from--
just hear me out.
- It's not gonna help.
It's not gonna help.
- Just--Lisa,
for one second, like--
- Why would I
give him a job?
He needs to get clean
and he needs to get sober.
And he needs to get
his sh** together.
- He is--he has been.
- And coming to work for me
is not gonna help that.
It touches me
how kind they are
when it comes to Shay.
But I don't think really
the best solution for Shay,
who's struggling
with addiction to alcohol,
is to come and work at my bar.
Hi, darling, how are you?
- How you doing?
Hey, guys.
- Hey, dude.
- Good to see you, man.
- It's been a long time.
- Hi.
- You look gorgeous.
- I gotta say,
I like the shaved head.
- Thank you.
Feels good.
- Kind of goes
with anything.
- Yeah, you look good.
I'm really digging
the shaved head.
- Appreciate it.
- I'm not, uh--
I'm not brownnosing here,
but, uh, Jason is very handsome.
Jason almost looks like
the model version
of a successful businessman,
you know?
Except for that he actually
is a successful businessman.
Me, I'm still a model.
- One of the reasons why
we're here is
because I think
the sangria is
an amazing product,
and, uh, I like the fact
that it's not too sweet.
Obviously, you know,
a great name.
Lisa Vanderpump Sangria.
Schwartz did--he did use to
work in wine and spirits.
- Oh, yeah, that's my--
I don't know if you guys
know that.
That's what
my background is in.
I have always planned on
getting back
into the wine and spirits
business at some point.
'Cause I'm familiar
with the industry.
I know you are
somewhat, too.
- I am, actually,
and I really feel like
I could push a product
in St. Louis,
and just get
right to the point.
I go back to St. Louis
almost four times a year,
and I know everybody.
And if I don't know them,
my friends know them.
You know, I have
a reputation in St. Louis.
I'm a good time,
I'm a straight-shooter,
and on top of that,
I've just gotten to know
tons of people,
and I feel like
I could offer something
in St. Louis, right off the bat.
It's not just about
getting the sangria to--
at the bar
and at the restaurant.
It's about getting it
into people's hands.
When I'm out there
in St. Louis,
I would order some
of the LVP Sangria.
They'd be like,
"Oh, what's that?"
Of course people
would ask immediately.
"What is that?"
and I'm like,
"Oh, this is
Lisa Vanderpump Sangria.
It's--here, try it."
And people start talking
about it.
- I know--I know the kind
of thing that you're thinking.
But you have to understand
that if you're gonna
approach this,
you need to broaden
your horizons.
This can't just be like,
"I'm going up to little clubs
and pubs and bars
in St. Louis."
I would want you to
be thinking globally.
I don't think that
they quite understood
how big this brand has got.
These two have been in
God knows how many cities
in the last few months.
- Just got back from--
from Rome.
Miami, London,
in the last week, so...
- Killing it, man.
- Wow.
- Talking to Australia,
it's in Turkey.
- We have a meeting
with a 3,000-store chain
in Australia.
That gets picked up,
the company goes
from here to there.
We get résumés
submitted every day,
'cause it's
a big company
and it's international now.
But obviously,
we'd rather go with people
who are passionate about it
and who know it.
You better not be
having mental breakdowns
and crying and leaving.
What I would suggest is,
think about it,
and sort of
put together a little plan
and bring it
back to me.
- We do need some time
to think about this.
- Yeah.
- Thanks again
for meeting us and stuff.
- Just don't
screw any of us around.
- Of course not.
- Good to see you, Tom.
- Awesome.
We're not walking out of here
with a six-figure salary
and 401Ks.
We're sort of walking out with,
like, a homework assignment.
That's kind of lame,
but I guess it's better than
walking out with a no.
- Good to see you guys.
- Thanks a lot.
- Good seeing you.
- Bye.
- Coming up...
- Why did you marry me?
Why?
Do you regret marrying me?
Like, why?
- Hello, hi.
- Hi.
- Shut the door, please.
How are you?
- Hi.
- Hey, mama.
What's up, mama?
- Hello.
- How are you?
- Good.
Shay hasn't been here
in a minute, so--
Shay and I have talked,
and we both decided
more time apart
is not an option.
I'm, like, looking at
all these wedding pictures
and it's just like,
it's depressing.
'Cause it's, like, we were
that happy and now we're not.
So, the only option is
for him to come home
and fix it.
Hey.
- Hey, guys.
- What's up, guys?
Hey, dude.
- Hey, man.
- What's going on?
Nice stripes.
- Thanks, man.
- Here we all are.
I wanted you guys to be here
'cause I felt like
having a buffer
would make him more comfortable.
He's more comfortable
talking in a group setting
than one-on-one.
- It is very, very strange
that Scheana and Shay
want us all here.
But if us being here helps them,
then of course
we're glad to do it.
- At the end of this,
I just really hope
he knows that he has
a good support system in LA.
He doesn't have to
run home to Mom and Dad's
to escape this life.
We're married.
There's no running away.
- What's up, man?
- What up?
Hi, Shay.
- Give me some love, homey.
- Dude, I missed you, man.
- It's been so long
since we've seen you.
- Hey.
We missed you.
- Saved the best for last.
- Shay, what's up, dude?
You're making us all cry.
- What have you
been up to, man?
- I've been home
for over a week.
I stayed with my parents.
Um, I've been going through
a lot of stuff personally,
and I kind of, like, ran away.
- I mean, I guess you got
my text messages, right?
- Yeah, I got all your messages.
I kind of just
cut everyone off,
unfortunately.
- No explanation needed
in that department.
Completely get it.
- Due, yeah, that happens, man.
I just want you to know, man,
like, we're here, dude.
We are f***ing here.
And, Shay, I'm asking you,
do you feel like you were
addicted to pills?
Or do you feel like
you were just,
like, if you didn't
have those pills,
did you feel
withdrawal symptoms?
- Mm-hmm.
- You did?
Holy sh**.
How many were you
taking a day?
- On average,
probably like five.
- Wow.
- The most I've ever taken
is probably, like, ten in a day.
- What?
- Oh, my gosh.
- Ever since
I've known you guys,
I've always been on them.
- Holy sh**.
- Instead of paying bills
some months,
he would just buy pills.
- Hearing some of the sh**
that Shay's going through,
it's scary.
By all accounts, I mean,
this is a real addiction.
It makes me feel like--
we're in our 30s now.
Maybe we can't get away
with some of the sh**
that we did in our 20s,
you know?
- I knew you would judge me.
That was one big reason
that I never
talked to you about it.
- Did you have some guy
that you'd get them from?
- Through multiple people.
- Really?
Holy sh**.
- Things that an addict does,
and I didn't know
I married an addict.
I didn't know he had
all these problems.
I would've helped him
years ago.
Like, I just feel like
you're miserable with me.
- I'm not.
- But it feels that way.
- I'm not, though.
- You were just
so blacked-out drunk
and depressed.
You just
haven't been happy.
I have been so--
so miserable and lonely
this past week.
Like, thank God I have
the most amazing friends.
- I've been so miserable
and lonely for two years.
- Why did you marry me?
Why?
Do you regret marrying me?
Like, why?
- Wait, wait, wait, no, no, no.
- Scheana, stop.
- I'm glad they're here
because when I have
conversations with you,
I'm, like,
intimidated by you.
The second maybe
I, like, start expressing
or get upset or something,
you cut me off
and you take completely
over the conversation.
- If he's saying
that you intimidate him,
you scare him sometimes
in conversations,
like, you need to
take that to heart.
- I'd rather just stay quiet
and not have confrontation--
- That's not okay.
- But I can't get anything
out, though.
- But you need to
tell me these things.
Don't wait for it
to blow up
to tell me, like,
you f***ing hate me.
- I don't hate you.
- Shay needs to speak up more.
Scheana needs to listen more.
And if they can figure out
a place to meet in all of that,
I think that
they'll both be happy.
- I just don't want you
to regret marrying me.
- I don't.
I never--no.
And like, hurting you
and seeing you cry,
like, kills me.
And I just wanna apologize
for the dumb decisions
I have made.
I went home
'cause I needed to.
But I feel bad
leaving you, you know?
And to defend for yourself.
But I got my mind right.
I got--you know, I just
got a lot of things out.
- I mean, you came back,
but you don't really have a bag.
So, like, I mean,
are you staying?
Or are you going back
to your parents'? I mean...
- No, I'm staying.
- Yay.
- You're staying?
- I wanna come home, yeah.
- Yeah!
- Welcome back, man.
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
There's just a lot of things
I have to--I have to work on.
- It would help me too
if you just, like,
literally speak up more
and cut me off.
'Cause, like,
you're just so
polite and like,
quiet, and like,
I'll just be on, like, rambling
and rambling and rambling,
and then you'll just,
like, get, like, a word in,
and then I keep talking
and talking and talking.
Like, sometimes
you can be like,
"Can you stop
and let me finish?"
- Like right now would be
a really good time
to say that.
- Coming up...
- One thing I want to ask you,
which I did ask you last time.
- Mm-hmm.
- Where's your résumé?
- Oh, yeah.
- Okay.
♪ And all that's
coming true ♪
♪ Set aside for a time
like this ♪
♪ And it's happening with me ♪
♪ And you ♪
♪ Together as one ♪
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Remember Brittany?
- How are you?
- Yes.
- Good to see you again.
- How are you?
- Great, how are you?
- Back for more?
- Yeah.
- Okay, so you still
wanna work at Sur?
- Of course.
- I thought I'd give this girl,
Brittany, another chance,
because Jax had asked me to.
But I mean, she's virtually
in her underwear.
Again.
- Nice to meet you.
I'm Brittany.
- Hi, Brittany.
Okay, so, one thing
I want to ask you,
which I did ask you last time.
- Mm-hmm.
- Where's your résumé?
- Oh, yeah.
We should've brought that.
- Well, I mean--
- It's always a good idea
when you go to a job interview,
to bring your résumé.
If I employ somebody,
I wanna know
exactly who they are,
what they've done,
where they've been.
- I know.
- So let's be honest,
I mean, really,
Brittany's looks
are her résumé.
That should be enough.
- So tell me off
the top of your head,
what restaurants
have you worked at?
- Um, I've worked at Hooters.
- Hooters?
- Yes.
- Why did you say that?
- I had to tell her
the truth.
- Okay.
It's just, sometimes
everyone thinks,
"Oh, Hooters."
It's just kind of...
You know, what are you gonna do?
- Is that where you met?
- No.
- No, we met in Vegas, okay.
Listen, she's telling you
her résumé.
- Why do they call it Hooters
again?
- Because you wear, like,
the little outfits.
- More than you're wearing now?
- Uh, yeah.
- Jax thinks the only experience
that she needs
is in bed with him,
and it's not.
So she's actually done me
a favor not bringing her résumé,
because it's just kind of
like a gift, really.
I have the excuse I need.
Sorry.
It will not work out,
her working at Sur now.
Now you guys
are together,
because I can see
is problematic.
It makes it
more complicated.
- Well, it doesn't if you don't
work in the same restaurant.
You have multiple restaurants.
It's not like we have to
work at the same one.
- No, I don't think it's gonna
work out like that at all.
We don't encourage
inter-company dating.
Do you understand?
- No, I understand.
- I feel like Lisa's kind of
holding Brittany
to, like, an unfair standard
because she's dating me.
I just think she was just
at a loss
before she even started.
That's not fair.
- So, I've got things to do.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
Good luck with that one.
- Want me to chop this up?
- Yes, please.
Can you grab me a Capri-Sun?
- Yeah.
Ooh.
- Fancy.
I can't wait until
we have, like,
a house with, like,
a dining room,
and a dining room table,
and we can eat
like normal humans.
#GOALS.
Good to have you
back home.
- It's good to be home.
- What'd you do the whole time
you were back home?
- I spent a lot of time,
you know, with my family,
and my parents, especially.
It's being with the people
that like, I feel
most comfortable.
- But that should be me.
- Well, not when
we're going through
what we're going through.
So what, I stay here?
Where do I go,
move in with Tom and Tom?
Or like, whatever?
- No, we work through it.
- You don't understand.
You're not easy
to work through things with
because I can't be honest
all the time
'cause you're intimidating.
'Cause I can't get a word in
and stuff like that.
That's why I left.
- I'm trying to get better
about that.
- I understand that,
but I'm saying--
and I'm trying to get better
about telling you how I feel.
You don't make it--
you know, do whatever it takes
you know, to fix me
but to fix this.
That's all I care about.
The guy who I used to be,
who was taking pills
and drinking too much,
and not--he's gone.
I don't wanna
see him again.
- And it's fine to drink
when it's an occasion,
and we're having fun.
So I'm not being like, "Oh,
you need to be clean and sober,
and never drink again."
It's just--
- Well, the thing--
yeah--
- Find the happy medium,
that's all I'm saying.
I don't think I could
ever be with someone
who's completely sober,
because that's not reality
with the life I lead
with my friends.
What he needs to do is just sip.
You don't have to drink
to get drunk.
Drink to get a good buzz.
We did have an agreement,
and I'm sticking with that.
I don't want you to think
this is because
I don't trust you.
- I know.
I understand.
- If marijuana is positive,
I'll give you a pass.
My goal would be
by our one-year anniversary,
that we're
in a way better place.
- Guess I should go handle this.
- You can finish
your Capri-Sun first.
- Get the juices flowing.
- And that's what I told him,
I said,
"I'm gonna test you
as much as I have to,
until I trust that you're not
taking anything again."
- Gonna drain the lizard.
- Coming up...
- But he doesn't need rehab.
- Do not sweep it
under the rug.
- I'm not going to.
- Pull up that rug...
- Absolutely.
- And clean out
the f***ing cobwebs.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Eric, can you ask somebody
to bring me a cup of tea?
- Sure.
- Thanks.
So how are you doing?
Better emotionally.
- So where are you at
in your head?
- We had a good breakthrough
conversation
that I think is gonna put him
on the right path.
- But if you've been doing stuff
for eight years,
it takes more than
one conversation.
- Oh, absolutely.
- And he's been duplicitous,
and he's been lying to you.
My point is, you've said that
you have done it on your own,
but I mean, I don't think
life is that simple.
There are a lot of people
as strong as you
that haven't been able
to make addicts quit.
- I know I married
the right person,
and I know
we're gonna get through this.
It's not gonna be easy,
but I'm not a quitter.
- He does need help.
- He doesn't need rehab.
He--that's--
- Well, you say that.
You say that.
- No, I mean, it wasn't like
he was taking 10 or 15 a day.
Some days it was two,
some days it was five.
The most he ever took
in one day, he said was
probably close to ten,
but that was
a long time ago.
- How do you know
he's not lying to you?
- Because I make him
pee in a cup.
I'm just like,
"Hey, um, next time
you have to pee,
go pee in there."
- She's not a nurse.
She's not
an addiction specialist.
It's not normal
to be doing random pee tests
with your husband.
That is not really
the foundation
of a good and happy marriage.
Do not sweep it
under the rug.
- I'm not going to.
- Pull up that rug...
- Absolutely.
- And clean out
the f***ing cobwebs,
and get with it, you know?
You put your foot
up his ass.
- Oh, it's--
it's far up there.
- Okay.
- Next time on
"Vanderpump Rules"...
- Kristen Doute, it's over.
I had fun last night,
you know?
- I did too.
- Don't we have a
no fraternization rule?
- Are you trying to sabotage
Lala and James?
- He's gonna sink his own ship.
I don't have to do anything.
- James has said so much
sh** about you.
He's like, "She's a slut,
she's a whore."
- I'm so f***ing offended.
- You're being a f***ing
basic bitch right now.
- Wow, oh!
- I really don't think
he's gonna f*** up again.
I think he's gonna do
everything in his power
to make me
the happiest woman alive.
- I have milk that has a longer
shelf life than that marriage.
- That is so mean.
To see more
"Vanderpump Rules,"
go to bravotv.com.